Questions
1. What is the purpose of a post synthesis simulation?
The post synthesis simulation makes sure that the synthesizer produces logically correct code.

2. What model for the half-adder is used as input in post synthesis simulation and where does it
come from.

It uses the structural model generated by synplify. This sturcutural model creates is own entity architecture pair inside of the the .vhm file for use in the simulation. 


3. Is the ispGAL22V10C-10 a SPLD, CPLD, or FPGA? Explain the reason for your answer.
the ispGAL22V10C-10 is a SPLD

SPLD because it has a logical capacity equivalent to about 200(CONFIRM THIS NUMBER IN LAB) NAND gates - well within the ragne of a SPLD 

4. Does the synthesizer have its own compiler or does it use the compiler from Aldec ActiveHDL? Explain the reason for your answer.

The synthesizer has a compliant compiler to the same spec (1076). The Aldec compiler can run the code produced by the synthesizer but I cannot say for sure if they are the exact same compiler.(CHECK IN LAB)

5. Is the same testbench used for both the functional simulation of Laboratory 1 and the post synthesis simulation of this laboratory?

Yes the testbench is the same .

6. Do you expect the results from the functional simulation and the post-synthesis simulation of
the same design entity to give the same exact results?

Yes we expect them to give the same exact result (logically). There's a small caveat where there is some additional delay that SHOULD NOT be there that is added by the synthesizer.

7. What coding style is used in the post synthesis model?

Structurual model. Has all the entities and then describes how they are connected.

8. Why are the RTL - Hierarchical view and the Technology - Flattened to Gates schematics produced by HDL Analyst for the half-adder different? Are they logically the same?

They are different in that the flattened to gates model shows input & output buffers present in the target PLD and how the synthesizer added inverters to the ensure that the circuit is logically equivalent to the RTL schematic.

9. When the waveforms from the simulation of the original design description and the synthesized
logic were compared there were slight differences. Explain the reason for these differences.

There's a small caveat where there is some additional delay that SHOULD NOT be there that is added by the synthesizer. this delay is equal to 100ps and slightly offsets post synthesis simulation


